#### Voor welke van de attributen Acces, Availability, BlockSize, DriveType en StatusInfo van de Win32_LogicalDisk klasse is in de CIM repository een tekstuele interpretatie opgeslagen ? Wat betekent voor elk van deze attributen de waarde 4 ?

- Acces
	- Access describes whether the media is readable (value=1), writeable (value=2), or both (value=3). "Unknown" (0) and "Write Once" (4) can also be defined.
	- 4 : Write Once
- Availability
	- The availability and status of the device.  For example, the Availability property indicates that the device is running and has full power (value=3), or is in a warning (4), test (5), degraded (10) or power save state (values 13-15 and 17). Regarding the power saving states, these are defined as follows: Value 13 ("Power Save - Unknown") indicates that the device is known to be in a power save mode, but its exact status in this mode is unknown; 14 ("Power Save - Low Power Mode") indicates that the device is in a power save state but still functioning, and may exhibit degraded performance; 15 ("Power Save - Standby") describes that the device is not functioning but could be brought to full power 'quickly'; and value 17 ("Power Save - Warning") indicates that the device is in a warning state, though also in a power save mode.
	- 4 : Warning
- BlockSize
	- Size in bytes of the blocks which form this StorageExtent. If variable block size, then the maximum block size in bytes should be specified. If the block size is unknown or if a block concept is not valid (for example, for Aggregate Extents, Memory or LogicalDisks), enter a 1.
	- 4 : 4 bytes groot
- DriveType 
	- The DriveType property contains a numeric value corresponding to the type of disk drive this logical disk represents.  Please refer to the Platform SDK documentation for additional values. Example: A CD-ROM drive would return 5.
	- 4 : Local Disk
- StatusInfo
	- StatusInfo is a string indicating whether the logical device is in an enabled (value = 3), disabled (value = 4) or some other (1) or unknown (2) state. If this property does not apply to the logical device, the value, 5 ("Not Applicable"), should be used.
	- 4 : disabled